Toggle navigation This is It 
	•	Who We Are
	•	What We Offer
	•	How It Works
	•	How To Participate
	•	Where To Find Us
	•	Calendar
	•	Contact Us
	•	
Live the life of your choosing.
More text here...
Who We Are 
 
Who We Are
We are a group of young men ages 18-35ish who are deidicated to creating abundance in our lives and the lives of others by participating in an active community that supports, challenges, believes in, and laughs with one another. We do this by being adventerous during social outings, pushing ourselves during group meetings, and/or taking care of those around us through service projects. 
What We Offer

Powerful Communication Tools
In This is It, you will have the opportunity to practice clear and direct communication in a variety of settings.
Methods to Achieve Success
Do you have goals? Whether you do or you don't, our community empowers young men to accomplish their goals.
Access to a Vast Network
This is It serves a growing community of young men around the United States.
Lasting Friendships
We provide the foundation for creating strong friendships with young men who wish to see you succeed in life.
How It Works
Our community is broken down into mulitple types and levels of involvement.
Social
Social is all about having fun, meeting new people, exploring the city, and more. We believe fun is an important aspect to building a strong community! 
Level 1 
Group
Group is the time to set new goals or refine old ones, learn powerful communication skills, create new habits that will unlock new possibilities, and more. 
Level 1 
Service
We believe that a fundamental aspect of community is giving back. Service is all about participating in local community projects. 
Level 1 
Retreat
Retreat is the time to step out of your everyday life and gather your thoughts. Retreat consists of weekend or longer destination events such as camping or renting a cabin. 
Level 2 
Weekend
Weekend is an extension of group. It's a powerful two day experience that provides tools to help you further enhance your relationships, deepen your communication, have breakthroughs in your career, and more. 
Level 2 
Create
Create is the next step after Service. In Create you will begin the process of designing your own project with the intention of sharing it with the world. 
Level 2 
How to Participate

Step 1
Get plugged in. Click the image above to sign up through meetup
Step 2
RSVP for an event
Step 3
Show up
Alternative
Donate
Where To Find Us

Calendar of Events
Contact Us





Copywrite NAME 2015 
